there is information that today in
ten 0:10 retired grandma was flooded
ochakov could not comment
this situation
ships from Lake Donuzlav
inscribed ship with these first on
sulphir outlet tie to barrels
which before this morning style
sewer vessel but something is not there
turned out and therefore had to
act by flooding a little bit
blew up the ship there he took water
sincerely on the left side of the hourly loud
at the moment the Ukrainian navy ships in
case of leaving the naval base at the base
arm they can get out correctly
eaters who have now made a post
the observation of the church here is that small
boats still in good weather may
go out of the lake larger ships already
the width of the passage does not allow you
passed on your estimated rise
such a ship of this class as far as
general costly operation and
laborious
I such estimates can not hold it
need to ask question to division
search and rescue
those people who are directly
carry out these works and can give such
format like yours is now on in
nova grains in the database and in general if
some kind of pressure from before arrival
representatives of the RPC which was planned
today so called
subsections are self Crimea
found here in our trenches at night
left their positions reserve
just trash seeing packs
stupid and
Uzbeks were labaz while hiding after
how this mission will pass i think that
they again take their position will
observe through optics
sniper offices did not understand you
tell me what fighting spirit is now
confident staff base
thanks to all our people our
powers that are sympathetic to
what is happening in the Crimea
constantly call and belly on fighting spirit
personnel is on high
level
personal environment run
assigned tasks by the leadership of the country